reduce the number of default targets (#489)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/composable_kernel: CMakeLists.txt

)

add_subdirectory(library)

option(BUILD_ALL, "Whether to build all targets, such as examples, tests, and profiler." OFF)
option(WITH_EXAMPLES, "Whether to build examples." OFF)
option(WITH_TESTS, "Whether to build tests." OFF)

> option(WITH_PROFILER, "Whether to build profiler." OFF)

Reviewer: Can we place all cmake options in one place? There is already one for INT4 in this file some lines above.

Author: OK

> if(BUILD_ALL)
>     add_subdirectory(example)
>     add_subdirectory(test)
>     add_subdirectory(profiler)
> else()
>     if(WITH_EXAMPLES)
>         add_subdirectory(example)
>     endif()
>     if(WITH_TESTS)
>         add_subdirectory(test)
>     endif()
>     if(WITH_PROFILER)
>         add_subdirectory(profiler)
>     endif()
> endif()

Reviewer: Hey, what about following: 
```suggestion
if(BUILD_ALL)
    set(WITH_EXAMPLES ON)
    set(WITH_TESTS ON)
    set(WITH_PROFILER ON)
endif()

if(WITH_EXAMPLES)
    add_subdirectory(example)
endif()
if(WITH_TESTS)
    add_subdirectory(test)
endif()
if(WITH_PROFILER)
    add_subdirectory(profiler)
endif()
```

Author: Sure, we can do it this way.
